Improve mount for chroot and T100CHI keyboard pairing (#2)
5bentz/linux-asus-t100: T100TA_guide.md

# Installing Ubuntu on ASUS T100 TA

> As of February 2019. (20190221)

Reviewer: This change is unnecessary. I update it when I release a new pdf version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of November 2018. (20181125)
```

Now, you should be able to connect your ASUS T100 to your network.

#### Chroot in the new system

> - Find the EFI System Partition. This should be the VFAT partition next to the EXT4 partition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find the EFI System Partition. This should be the VFAT partition next to the EXT4 partition mounted on /target
```

mmcblk0
└─mmcblk0p1  vfat                 9016-4EF8             /media/xubuntu/9016-4EF8
```

> - If your ext4 partition is not mounted, you must do it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the EXT4 partition is not mounted, we must do it
```
J'essaie de garder le même style tout au long du guide.

  * `mount /dev/mmcblk2p2 /target`
- Mount the EFI System Partition on the new system
  * `mount /dev/mmcblk2p1 /target/boot/efi`
- Then, we have to mount some other filesystems before chrooting:
```
for dir in /dev /dev/pts /proc /run /sys;

>   do mount --bind "$dir" /target"$dir";

Reviewer: You are right, this slash is useless for the program to work properly. It is just there for readability.

Author: I agree, with the slash we understand we have to mount all directories as /target subdirectoires, but the command does not work.

>   do mount --bind "$dir" /target"$dir";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  do mount --bind "$dir" /target/"$dir";
```

### 14. Bluetooth
/!\ Same warning as Sound and WiFi, the following file is for T100TA and T100CHI only. Other T100's (T100TAF and T100H\*) have other Bluetooth device numbers.

> /!\ On T100CHI, to get keyboard working, boot with docking off and after boot you can switch on, wait it stop blinking and redo a swipe to right with this switch for pairing

Reviewer: I'd rather move it in a troubleshooting section line 345
```
### 4. T100CHI Bluetooth keyboard
To get keyboard working, boot with docking off and after boot you can switch on, wait it stop blinking and redo a swipe to right with this switch for pairing.
```

By the way, I don't really understand the instructions, could you reformulate?
Au pire, écris-le en français et je le traduirai.

"wait it stop blinking" -> wait what?
"redo a swipe to right with this switch for pairing" -> ?

Disclaimer: I don't have the T100CHI.

Author: Yes, new troubleshooting section is a better place :+1: 
Pour illustrer le fonctionnement du clavier Bluetooth de la T100CHI, tu peux regarder la page 29 de ce lien : https://dlcdnets.asus.com/pub/ASUS/nb/T100CHI/040C_F10150_T100CHI_V2_A.pdf
Il comporte un interrupteur ON/OFF, ainsi qu'une troisième position en poussant vers la droite pour appairer, une fois relâché l'interrupteur revient sur ON.
Sur cette page 29, les étapes 1. et 2. doivent marcher Windows mais pas sous Linux.
J'avais déjà repéré ce comportement sur Debian et Ubuntu 16.04, ce clavier est plus capricieux que d'autres appareils Bluetooth.
Il faut démarrer la tablette avec le dock sur OFF, aller dans les paramètres Bluetooth (sur Gnome pour mon installation), allumer le dock (ON), attendre qu'il arrête de clignoter puis pousser cet interrupteur vers la droite environ deux secondes pour le voir apparaître dans la liste des périphériques Bluetooth détectés. Ensuite les étapes 3. et 4. peuvent être suivies.
Sans ces manipulations dans cet ordre, impossible de se connecter et au début il y a de quoi s'arracher les cheveux, car si on se loupe, la seule solution est de redémarrer la tablette et le dock.
En espérant avoir été plus clair !

# History

> ##### 20190221

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Unreleased
```
